{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 SFProText-Regular;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 SFProText-RegularItalic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Links aren\'92t limited to just web pages. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "dict://tot"}}{\fldrslt Click here}} to see "tot" in the dictionary. Here are other useful examples:\
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "dict://CHOCK"}}{\fldrslt dict://CHOCK}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "taio://open?url=file:///etc/hosts"}}{\fldrslt taio://open?url=file:///etc/hosts}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "facetime:18005551212"}}{\fldrslt facetime:18005551212}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "tel:1-800-555-1212"}}{\fldrslt tel:1-800-555-1212}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "ssh://root@example.com"}}{\fldrslt ssh://Odette}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "blink://Odette"}}{\fldrslt blink://Odette}} \
\
Try dragging a message from Mail into Tot\'92s window: you will get {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://daringfireball.net/2007/12/message_urls_leopard_mail"}}{\fldrslt a link}} that\'92s a simple way to reference conversations and other information!\
\
Finally, Tot has its own URL scheme that can automate tasks. It works like this:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://gist.github.com/chockenberry/d33ef5b6e6da4a3e4aa9b07b093d3c23"}}{\fldrslt https://gist.github.com/chockenberry/d33ef5b6e6da4a3e4aa9b07b093d3c23}}\
\
tot:// + 
\f1\i host
\f0\i0  + 
\f1\i operation
\f0\i0  + ? + 
\f1\i parameter
\f0\i0 \
\
The 
\f1\i host
\f0\i0  is "1" to "7" and will open the numbered dot (left to right). If you specify "empty", the first empty dot is selected. Use "settings" and "help" to open their views.\
\
The 
\f1\i operation
\f0\i0  can be specified for dots; use "/prepend" to insert text at the beginning, "/append" to add to the end, or "/replace" the entire contents of dot. The 
\f1\i parameter
\f0\i0  is "text" and a URL encoded string. For example, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "tot://1/append?text=odds+%26+ends%0A"}}{\fldrslt tot://1/append?text=odds+%26+ends%0A}} will add some text to the end of the first dot. To open the first dot from the Terminal, use 
\f1\i open
\f0\i0  and this URL:\
\
$ open {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "tot://1"}}{\fldrslt tot://1}}\
\
If you\'92re using the scheme from an AppleScript, "/content" will return the text from the selected dot. Try this:\
\
$ osascript -e 'tell application "Tot" to open location "{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "tot://6/content"}}{\fldrslt tot://6/content}}"'\
\
There is no support for rich text in the URL scheme: use Markdown in plain text to get formatting. If this functionality appeals to you, look at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://gist.github.com/chockenberry/d33ef5b6e6da4a3e4aa9b07b093d3c23"}}{\fldrslt this shell script}}.}