All great ideas start out messy. Unorganized text, links, references, and general chaos on your desktop. If you’ve ever had dozens of Untitled text windows littered about, you know the feeling.

**Tot is a great place to put your mess.**

As you’re collecting text with abandon, Tot’s limited formatting helps keep the mess under control. A first step in getting things into a presentable format.

Of course copy and paste works as expected, but there’s a twist. Tot converts text to match whichever mode you’re in. If you copy styled text that uses Comic Sans, the pasted text will be matched to your preferred font for both rich and plain text. (Thank goodness!)

Additionally, Tot handles imported text intelligently by doing Markdown conversion:

• In plain text mode, any rich text will be converted to its equivalent in Markdown. If you copy "something **bold**" on a web page, it will end up as "something \*\*bold\*\*" in the plain text.

• With rich text mode, the opposite happens. Any pasted text with Markdown formatting will be styled using your selected font.

The same conversions happen during drag and drop with a refinement: text is only converted when the file has a Markdown extension (.markdown, .mdown, or .md). Tot also lets you to copy a file in the Finder and paste the contents with ⌘V. All of these automatic conversions can be circumvented with _Paste as Plain Text_ in the _Edit_ menu.

Tot’s status bar lets you keep track of your work: it updates the text statistics as you type or when a selection is made. There’s also a ↑ icon that lets you share all or part of the text in a mail, message, or tweet. When you don’t need this stuff, it’s easy to hide using the _Window_ menu or the ⌘/ shortcut.
