**Make Tot your own.**

At the top-right of Tot’s window there is a toggle for settings. Here are some things that you can do to make the app fit your workflow:

_Use a menu bar icon with a detachable window:_ With this setting, the window is tucked away at the top of your screen, but you can drag it away when needed.

The _Smart Icons_ setting will show a Dock icon when you detach the popover window from the menu bar: useful for folks who use Command-Tab to switch windows. When there is no Dock icon, this is also where you can Quit the app.

_Appearance:_ Tot looks great whether you prefer a dark or light interface. And you’ll either love or hate the colored background, so make your choice!

_Set a system-wide hotkey:_ This setting allows Tot to become a keyboard-only app: the key combination you specify will bring up the window and allow you to type or navigate with keyboard shortcuts.

In addition to the settings view, you can also configure Tot using the menu bar:

_Style the text view:_ The font for both rich and plain text can be customized along with the size and tab spacing using _Format_ in the menu bar or from the context menu while you’re editing text.

_Configure the text view:_ Sometimes smart quotes are just what you need, sometimes they screw up your code. Use the _Edit_ > _Substitions_ and _Spelling and Grammar_ menus to tweak the text view to your needs. Each dot has its own settings and they are synced to other devices. (They are currently unused on iOS because there's no standard way to modify the settings there.)

_Floating window:_ When you're taking notes, it can be helpful to have Tot's window above all others. Use _Window_ > _Display as Floating Window_ and the window will always be visible and ready to go!

And speaking of menus, if you find an item with a keyboard combo that you don't like (switching tabs!), take a look at our [handy guide for customizing shortcuts](https://support.iconfactory.com/kb/tot/keyboard-shortcuts-in-tot).
